RFC-4638: Executor (#4638)
apache/opendal: core/src/docs/rfcs/4638_executor.md

- Proposal Name: `executor`
- Start Date: 2024-05-23
- RFC PR: [apache/opendal#4638](https://github.com/apache/opendal/pull/4638)
- Tracking Issue: [apache/opendal#4639](https://github.com/apache/opendal/issues/4639)

# Summary

Add executor in opendal to allow running tasks concurrently in background.

# Motivation

OpenDAL offers top-tier support for concurrent execution, allowing tasks to run simultaneously in the background. Users can easily enable concurrent file read/write operations with just one line of code:

```diff
 let w = op
     .writer_with(path)
     .chunk(8 * 1024 * 1024) // 8 MiB per chunk
+    .concurrent(16) // 16 concurrent tasks
     .await?;
```

> However, the execution of those tasks relies on users continuously calling `write`. They cannot run tasks concurrently in the background. (I explained the technical details in the `Rationale and alternatives` section.)

Reviewer: Instead of linking to a long section full of words, could you make a code snippet how users write and drive the concurrent tasks now?

I read this paragraph and the rationale section but still don't understand what it means here.

Author: I polish the code sample a bit, please check it out.

This can result in the following issues:

- Task latency may increase as tasks are not executed until the task queue is full.
- Memory usage may be high because all chunks must be held in memory until the task is completed.

> I propose introducing an executor in OpenDAL to enable concurrent background task execution. The executor will autonomously manage the tasks without requiring user intervention for progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I propose introducing an executor abstraction in OpenDAL to enable concurrent background task execution. The executor will automatically manage the tasks in the background without requiring users to drive the progress manually.
```
